= jPlug

jPlug is a jQuery Plugin generator that is based on a template that I have been
using for a while now. It will generate a "shell" that has the file structure and
default styling that I like to use.

== Usage

To use this generator you must first install the gem

  sudo gem install tschmidt-jplug

Once the gem has been installed you can type the following at the command line

  jplug <plugin_name>
  
This will create a new project with the following file structure:

  <plugin_name>/
  <plugin_name>/html
  <plugin_name>/html/index.html
  <plugin_name>/html/stylesheets
  <plugin_name>/html/stylesheets/application.css
  <plugin_name>/html/stylesheets/reset.css
  <plugin_name>/html/stylesheets/base.css
  <plugin_name>/html/stylesheets/gridz.css
  <plugin_name>/html/stylesheets/skin.css
  <plugin_name>/html/javascripts/jquery-1.3.2.js
  <plugin_name>/lib
  <plugin_name>/lib/jquery.<plugin_name>.js

You should only need to modify the <tt>index.html</tt>, <tt>skin.css</tt>, and
<tt>lib/jquery.<plugin_name>.js</tt>files.
  
== Options

There are several options that can be set for jPlug. These include:

* author-name - Specify the author for this project.
* extras - Installs other useful jquery plugins.
* dest - Specify the default install directory. This will default to the current directory.

If you find that you are setting the same defaults each time you can create a .jplugrc
file in your home path. The format will be as follows:

  author-name: Terry Schmidt
  extras: false
  dest: /path/to/install/directory

== Examples

  jplug -a "Terry Schmidt" MyAwesomePlugin
  jplug -a "Terry Schmdit" -d /Users/tschmidt/jq_plugins my_awesome_plugin

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Terry Schmidt. See LICENSE for details.
